id,description,input,output
1003,"Brother Xi has recently bought a smart mobile phone. Now he surfs Internet by his mobile phone almost every day. The browser that he uses is UC Browser, which is one of the most popular mobile browsers. To better grasp the users, UC Corporation have also brought out the level system of user account. The higher the level of your account, the more privileges you can enjoy. The level of your account is calculated by your experiences. The correspondence of level and experience is as follows:    Level Experiences Level Experiences Level Experiences     0 0-49 3 250-349 6 550-649   1 50-149 4 350-449 7 650-749   2 150-249 5 450-549 8 >=750    You can get 10 experiences after using UC Browser one day in a row, 20 experiences for two days in a row, 30 experiences for three days in a row, 40 experiences for four days in a row, 50 experiences for five days in a row. If you use UC Browser six days in a row, the experiences you can get will be equal 10, like your using UC Browser one day in a row. It's come back to the starting of your using UC Browser. It's a circle. Now you have known the Xi's record of using UC Browser, I'll hope you calculate the level of Xi's account.","The first line of the input contains a single integer T (0<T<120) which is the number of test cases, followed by 2*T lines. For each test case, the first line is the number of days n (0<n<=100), the second line is a series of 0 and 1. 0 stands for not using UC browser on that day and 1 stands for using UC browser on that day.","For each test case, output the corresponding level of Xi’s account in one line."
1001,Your task is to Calculate a + b.,"There are multiple test cases. Each test case contains only one line. Each line consists of a pair of real number a and b（0<=a,b<=1000000）, separated by a space.","For each case, output the answer in one line rounded to 4 digits after the decimal point."
1002,Your task is to Calculate a + b.,"There are multiple test cases. Each test case contains only one line. Each line consists of a pair of integers a and b ( 1 <= a, b <=1016 ) , separated by a space. Input is followed by a single line with a = 0, b = 0, which should not be processed.","For each pair of input integers a and b you should output the sum of a and b in one line, and with one line of output for each line in input."
1000,Your task is to Calculate a + b.,"Input contains multiple test cases. Each test case consists of a pair of integers a and b ( 0 <= a, b <= 20 ), separated by a space, one pair of integers per line.","For each pair of input integers a and b you should output the sum of a and b in one line, and with one line of output for each line in input."
1004,Bo has been in Changsha for four years. However he spends most of his time staying his small dormitory. One day he decides to get out of the dormitory and see the beautiful city. So he asks to Xi to know whether he can get to another bus station from a bus station. Xi is not a good man   because he doesn't tell Bo directly. He tells to Bo about some buses' routes. Now Bo turns to you and he hopes you to tell him whether he can get to another bus station from a bus station directly according to the Xi's information.,"The first line of the input contains a single integer T (0<T<30) which is the number of test cases. For each test case, the first contains two different numbers representing the starting station and the ending station that Bo asks. The second line is the number n (0<n<=50) of buses' routes which Xi tells. For each of the following n lines, the first number m (2<=m<= 100) which stands for the number of bus station in the bus' route. The remaining m numbers represents the m bus station. All of the bus stations are represented by a number, which is between 0 and 100.So you can think that there are only 100 bus stations in Changsha.","For each test case, output the ""Yes"" if Bo can get to the ending station from the starting station by taking some of buses which Xi tells. Otherwise output ""No"". One line per each case. Quotes should not be included."
1007,"Danni wants to color a rectangle on the screen, but she thinks of a problem. How does the computer judge the filled area when the mouse is clicked? Now give you a plane Cartesian coordinate system with a rectangle and a point, the four sides of the rectangle are parallel to the x or y axis. Please judge the position of this point relative to the rectangle, that is, in the rectangle, on the rectangle, or outside the rectangle?","The first line has only one integer T, (T < 150), which means that there are a total of T cases. In each case, there are two rows of data: The first line has two integers Px Py separated by spaces, representing the coordinates of the points (Px, Py). The second line has four integers Ax Ay Bx By, separated by spaces. Represents the coordinates of the lower left corner of the rectangle (Ax, Ay) and the coordinates of the upper right corner (Bx, By). All coordinates are integers in the range [0, 100], and Ax < Bx, Ay < By","for each case only Output a line: If the point is outside the rectangle, output 'Outside' If the point is just on the edge of the rectangle, output 'On' If the point is inside the rectangle, output 'Inside'. All outputs do not contain quotes."
1009,"James got a bunch of interesting coins, so he decided to use these coins to play a small game with friends. On a table of N rows and M columns, there is a James coin on the grid of each i-th row and j-th column. The probability of throwing the coin face up is Pij, and all the coin-throwing events are between each other. independent. Now, in the M-column coin, the player selects one from each column for a total of M pieces. Repeat the selection of N groups in this way, and ensure that the selected coins can no longer be selected. After selecting the group, each group of M coins will be thrown once. If they are all face up, the group wins and the total score wins 1 point; otherwise the group fails and the total score is not added or subtracted. Excuse me, if you let yourself choose the grouping of coins, what is the maximum mathematical expectation of the total score of the game?","input has multiple sets of data. The first behavior of each set of data is N and M, 1 ≤ N ≤ 100, 1 ≤ M ≤ 10, separated by spaces. Next there are N rows, each row of M decimals, representing the corresponding Pij in the table. The input ends with N=M=0. This set of data does not output the result.","For each set of data, the maximum value of the mathematical expectation corresponding to the total score of the game is output, rounded to the nearest 4 decimal places. The output of each set of data is one line."
1021,"The number of combinations of n (n ≤ m) elements from m different elements is called the number of combinations of n elements from m different elements. The formula for the combination is as follows: C(m , n) = m!/((m - n)!n!) Now, if the combination number C(m, n) is written as a binary number, how many zeros are there at the end of the binary number.","the first line It is the number T of test samples, followed by T test samples, each test sample occupying one line, with two numbers, followed by m and n, where n ≤ m ≤ 1000.","respectively output the number of zeros at the end of each combination number converted to a binary number."
1022,"blue and AutoGerk are good friends. Their similar point is that they all like to study algorithms. The difference is that AutoGerk is a big cow and blue or a rookie. Blue often asks AutoGerk for some difficult questions, and wants to stump him, but every time AutoGerk can do it easily. Just the last Sunday afternoon, AutoGerk was playing the game, and blue took his question again. At first glance, AutoGerk is still so simple. AutoGerk wants to play his game, but he doesn't want to leave friends. So he introduced you, the same big-horn character, to blue, to answer his questions. The problem with blue is as follows: A triangle consisting of n rows of numbers, the i-th row has 2i-1 positive integers (less than or equal to 1000), as follows: 3 7 1 4 2 4 3 6 2 8 5 2 9 3 6 2 Requires you Use the pen to draw from the first line to the nth (0 < n ≤ 100) line. When drawing from the current line, you can only pass the adjacent number, that is, if you draw from one number of lines, You can only select one of its bottom left or right or bottom right (if it exists), add all the numbers drawn to get a sum, and find out what the maximum sum value can be. The largest sum that can be obtained in the above example is 3 7 4 9 = 23.","The first line, a natural number T, represents the total number of triangles given. For each triangle, a natural number n is given first, indicating that the input will be The triangle has n rows. Next there are n lines, the i-th line has 2i-1 numbers.”,”and for each triangle, a number is output, which is the largest sum that can be obtained."
1030,"The sequence of n - 1 consecutive composite numbers between two adjacent prime numbers p and pn is referred to as a prime slot of length n. For example, ‹24, 25, 26, 27 , 28› is a prime slot of length 6 between prime number 23 and prime number 29. Your task is to write a program to calculate the length of the prime slot containing the integer k. If k itself is a prime number, then it is considered to contain k. The length of the prime slot is 0."," the first line is a number n, indicating the number of data to be tested. There are n lines, each of which is a positive integer k, k is greater than 1 and less than or equal to the ten thousandth prime number (that is, 1299709).","For each k input to the input part, a non-negative integer is output, indicating the length of the prime slot containing k, and each non-negative integer is one row."
1087,"Yucept21 and his roommate Zyn went to the Internet cafe because they didn't have electricity in the dormitory. After 27 minutes, Cs called to call. So Yucept21 got off the machine in the 29th minute. The cost of surfing the Internet was a dollar. Then Zyn inked for two minutes. In the 31st minute, the machine cost was 2 yuan. Now I know that Internet cafes are charged for half an hour, assuming that the cost of a half-hour machine is 1 yuan. Now give you two time points, how much is it best for you to find the cost of the machine and how many minutes? (The most cost-effective means that it is 30 minutes on the full, such as one hour and forty-five minutes on the machine, then the most cost-effective on v = 15 minutes).","Input is a line of four digits, the machine time h1, m1, the downtime h2, m2. h is the hour, m is the minute, using the 24-hour system. 0 <= h1, h2 <= 23 0 <= m1, M2<60","Output Day #: The last two digits w and v, w is the cost, v is described above, in minutes. If the time of the machine is after the downtime, output 'Joking'."
1100,"Your brother has just learned to write one (one), two (two) and three (three) in English. He wrote a few ones and two on paper, but some letters were wrong. It is known that at most one letter of each word is wrong (the length of the word is definitely not wrong), can you recognize the hex he wrote?"," the number of first behavior words (not more than 10). Each time you follow a word, the word length is correct and at most one letter is wrong. All letters are lowercase. ","For each set of test data, output one line, which is the Arabic number of the word. Input guarantees only one way of understanding."
1101,"n people stand in a row to play a report game. Everyone is numbered 1 to n from left to right. At the beginning of the game, the leftmost person reported 1, the person on his right reported 2, the person numbered 3 reported 3, and so on. When the person numbered n (ie, the rightmost person) finishes n, the person who turns to his left (ie, the person numbered n-1) reports n 1, and then the person numbered n-2 reports n 2, And so on. When the leftmost person reports again, the direction of the report becomes again from left to right, and so on. In order to prevent the game from being too boring, there is a special case when reporting: if the number to be reported contains the number 7 or a multiple of 7, he should use the clapping instead of the report. The following table shows the case of n=4 (X means clap). When the number 3 person clap his hand for the fourth time, he actually counts to 35. Given n, m, and k, your task is to calculate how many times when the person numbered m claps.","The input contains no more than 10 sets of data. Each set of data consists of one line, containing three integers n, m and k (2<=n<=100, 1<=m<=n, 1<=k<=100) The input end flag is n=m=k=0.","For each set of data, one line is output, that is, the number that the person numbered m actually counts when he claps the first time."
1104,"There are two identical boxes, one with n balls and the other with one ball. Alice and Bob invented a game with the following rules: Alice and Bob take turns, Alice operates first. Every time The player first looks at which box has a smaller number of balls, then empties the box (the ball in the box is thrown away directly), then takes some of the balls in the other box into the box, making both boxes There is at least one ball. If a player can't operate, he or she loses. The following picture is a typical game: Alice Bob Alice (5,1)----->(2,3)-- --->(1,2)----->(1,1) In the face of two boxes with one ball, Bob can't continue to operate, so Alice wins. Your task is to find out who will win. Assuming that both are smart, always take the optimal strategy.","the input contains up to 300 sets of test data. Each set of data is only one line and contains an integer n (2<=n<=109). The input end flag is n=0. ","For each set of data, output the winner's name."
1111,"there are three families who own a garden. Every family's wife needs to help organize the garden. Mrs. A worked for 5 days, and Mrs. B worked for 4 days before finishing the garden. Mrs. C’s wife was unable to join her ranks because she was unable to join her ranks. How is it appropriate to distribute the money to the two wives A and B? How much should A be worth? 90/(5 4)*5=$50 yuan? If you think so, you will be fooled! The correct answer is 60 yuan. If you don't figure it out, think about it. Here's a general question: Suppose A's wife worked for x days, Mrs. B worked for y days, and Mrs. C gave $90. How much does A's wife deserve? Enter to ensure that both wives should receive non-negative integer yuan. The three wives work equally well. Friendly reminder: This question has a small trap. If the answer is wrong, check the code carefully.","Enter the first behavior data set number T (T <= 20). Each set of data is only one line, containing three integers x, y, z (1<=x, y<=10,1<=z<=1000"," For each set of data, output an integer, which is the amount that A wife deserves (unit: yuan)."
1112,"there is a robot at the origin of the number axis. The robot will execute a series of instructions, and your task is to predict the position of all instructions after they have been executed. • LEFT: Move one unit to the left • RIGHT: Move one unit to the right • SAME AS i: Perform the same action as the ith. The input guarantees that i is a positive integer and does not exceed the number of previous execution instructions,","and enters the first behavior data set number T (T<=100). The first behavior of each set of data is the integer n (1<=n<=100), which is the number of instructions. One instruction per line below. The instructions are numbered 1~n according to the input order.","For each set of data, the final position of the robot is output. Each time a set of data is processed, the robot should be reset to the origin of the number axis."
1115,"In a strange village, many people have long names, such as aaaaa, bbb and abababab. The name is so long, it is obviously inconvenient to call the full name. So the villagers usually only prefix the name. For example When calling 'aaaaa', you can just call 'aaa' because the first three letters without the second person's name are 'aaa'. But you can't call 'a' because two people's names start with 'a'. The people in the village are very smart, they always use the shortest caller. Enter to ensure that no one in the village will be the prefix of another person's name (as a corollary, the names of any two people will not be the same). Someone wants to call everyone's name (including himself), how many letters do he say?"," Enter the first behavior data set number T (T <= 10). Each set of data first acts as an integer n (1<=n<=1000), that is, the number of people in the village. The following n lines each act on the name of a person (only lowercase letters). Enter to ensure that the sum of the names of all the names of a village owner does not exceed 1,000,000.","Each set of data, output the name of the owner The total number of the mother."
1120,"you have a log file that records the details of various system events. Naturally, the timestamps of events are arranged in strictly increasing order (no two events will occur at exactly the same time). Unfortunately, your system is infected with a virus, and the log file is mixed with random pseudo-events generated by the virus (but the relative order of real events remains the same). The backup log file is also infected, but due to the random infection method used by the virus, the primary log file and the backup log file may become different after infection. Give the infected main log and backup log, and find the longest possible length of the real event sequence.","Enter the first behavior data group number T (T <= 100). Each group of data contains two lines, respectively describing the infected primary and backup logs. Each log file has the same format, is an integer n (1 <=n<=1000) (represents the total number of events after infection) and n positive integers not exceeding 100,000 (representing the timestamp of each event after infection). Note that events with the same timestamp may occur after infection.","For each set of data, output the longest possible length of the sequence of real events."
1160,"converts a decimal integer to hexadecimal, the format starts with 0x, and 10~15 is represented by uppercase letters A~F.z","an integer x, 0 <= x <= 2^31 per line.","each line outputs the corresponding eight-digit hexadecimal integer, including the leading zero."
1178,"Advertising. Thank you for participating in the CSU_BMW official team commemorative competition. This BMW comes from the cartoon 'Robot Warrior' ('Robot Story' | | 'Wall-E'), three cute robots Wall-E, M-O, Burn-E. Friends who have not seen it~ recommend it. The task of this question is very simple, give a string, take some characters from it, and ask how many bmw can be composed. Each character is counted only once.","The string of each group of data does not exceed 1,000,000 in length.","each group of data corresponds to output one line and one number, which means that some characters can be taken out from this string, and the maximum number of bmw can be composed. Each character is counted only once."
1202,"Now there are a total of N people (remembered as 1, 2, ..., N) playing rock-paper-scissors. If you know what each of them has, can you find out who is the winner? If and only if one When a person can win everyone else, he is called a winner. We record the scissors as 2, the stone as 0, and the cloth as 5, then the winning and losing relationship should be 2 to win 5, 5 to win 0,0 Can win 2.","the first line of the input data contains an integer T ( 1 <= T <= 150), indicating that there are a total of T test data. The first line of each set of test data contains an integer N (2 <= N <= 100000), indicating that a total of N people are playing rock-paper-scissors, and the next line has a total of N numbers, each number is 0, 2 or One of the five, in turn, describes what the N people have, and the i-th integer describes what the i-th person has.","For each set of data, output an integer in one line to indicate that the winner is the first person (an integer in [1, N]). If there is no winner, use a line to output 'No winner' (without quotes). "
1212,"the ascending sequence S of length L, S[L / 2] is the median. Two equal-length ascending sequences S1 and S2 are given, and the median of the two sequences is combined and sorted.","multiple sets of data, the first behavior n of each group, representing the length of two equal-length ascending sequences. Next n acts as an element of the ascending sequence S1, and then n acts as an element of the ascending sequence S2. 1 <= n <= 10 ^ 5, S content is an integer. No more than 5 sets of data.","for each set of data, output the median of the combined and sorted sequences."
1216,"given some numbers, find the value with the largest XOR value of the two numbers in these numbers.","multiple sets of data. The first action number is n, 1 <= n <= 10 ^ 5. The next n lines are a 32-bit signed non-negative integer per line.","any two-digit maximum XOR value."
1261,"spring is the season of flowers, daffodils is one of the most fascinating representatives, there is a number of daffodils in mathematics, he is defined as follows:'Daffodil number'refers to a three-digit number, its cube of each number And equal to itself, for example: 153=1^3+5^3+3^3. It is now required to output all the number of daffodils in the range of m and n.","There are multiple groups of input data, one for each group, including two integers m and n (100<=m<=n<=999).","For each test instance, it is required to output all the number of daffodils in a given range, that is, the number of daffodils to be output must be greater than or equal to m, and less than or equal to n. If there are multiple, it is required to be arranged from small to large. Output in one line, separated by a space (note that no space is added after the last number of each output); if there is no daffodil number in the given range, output no; output of each test instance One line."
1330,"Your task is to write a program for character recognition. Don't worry, you only need to identify 1, 2, 3, as follows: .*. *** *** .*. ..* ..* .*. *** *** .*. *.. ..* .*. *** *** ","The input contains only one set of data consisting of 6 lines. The number of first behavior characters n (1< =n<=10). The following 5 lines each contain 4n characters. Each character happens to occupy 5 rows and 3 columns, then an empty column (filled with '.')","The output should contain one line, ie Identify each character."
1334,"I want to be a good teacher, so I decided to remember the names of all the students. But I will give up soon, because there are too many students, I can't remember. But I can't let my students discover this, otherwise it will be very faceless. So every time I want to call the student's name, I will quote the student I am closest to, I know. For example, there are 10 students: A ? ? D ? ? H ? ? When you want to call each student, the specific name is: Location 1 A 2 right of A (A student on the right) 3 left of D (D The students on the left) 4 D 5 right of D (classmates on the right) 6 middle of D and H (classmates in the middle of D and H) 7 left of H (classmates on the left) 8 H 9 right of H (right on the right Classmates) 10 right of right of H (the right student on the right side of H)","enter only one set of data. The first line is the number of students n (1 <= n <= 100). The second line is the name of each student, given in order from left to right, separated by spaces. Each name is either no more than 3 English letters or a question mark. At least one student's name is not a question mark. The next line is the number of queries q (1 <= q <= 100). Each set of data contains an integer p (1 <= p <= n), which is the location of the student to be called (the first one in the left is position 1).","For each query, the output is called. Note that 'middle of X and Y' only if the callee has two nearest known students X and Y, and X is to the left of Y."
1335,"there was a brain teasing turn like this: there were two bridges with a very high and low distance. After two floods, the high bridge was flooded twice, but the low bridge was only flooded once. Why? The answer is: Because the low bridge is too low, the water level is still above the low bridge after the first flood recedes, so it is not 'flooded twice.' For example: Assume that the heights of the high and low bridges are 5 and 2, respectively, and the initial water level is 1 for the first flood: the water level is increased to 6 (both bridges are flooded) and retreat to 2 (the high bridge is no longer flooded, But the low bridge is still flooded. The second flood: the water level increased to 8 (the high bridge was flooded again) and retreated to 3. That's right, the word game. The key lies in the meaning of 'again'. If a bridge is still flooded after a flood recedes (that is, the water level is not less than the height of the bridge), then the next flood will not be counted as 'and' again when the water level rises. Enter the height of the n bridges and the rising water level ai and the return water level bi of the i-th flood, and count how many bridges are flooded at least k times. The initial water level is 1, and the water level of each flood must be greater than the water level of the last flood.","The input file contains up to 25 sets of test data. Each set of data first acts three integers n, m, k (1 <= n, m, k <= 105). The second behavior is n integers hi (2 <= Hi<=108), which is the height of each bridge. The following m lines each line contain two integers ai and bi (1<=bi<ai<=108, ai>bi-1). The input file does not exceed 5MB."," For each set of data, the number of bridges that are at least k times flooded is output."
1337,"Fema theorem: When n>2, the indefinite equation an+bn=cn has no positive integer solution. For example, a3+b3=c3 has no positive integer solution. In order to be active, we might as well come to a funny version: the equation Change to a3+b3=c3, so there is a solution, such as a=4, b=9, and c=79 when 43+93=793. Enter two integers x, y, and satisfy x<=a,b, The number of integer solutions for c<=y.","The input contains a maximum of 10 sets of data. Each set of data contains two integers x, y (1 <= x, y <= 108).","For each set of data, The number of solutions is output."
1406,"Body Mass Index (BMI) is a value obtained by dividing the weight of a person (unit: kg) by the square of height (unit: m) (unit: kg/m2), which is currently used to measure the human body internationally. Fat and thinness and a standard of health. BMI = weight (kg) / (height (m)) 2 For example, if a person's weight and height are 70kg, 1.75m, then his BMI is 70 / 1.752 ≈ 22.86 Kg/m2. For Chinese, if a person's BMI is less than 18.5, it means that he is underweight; if the BMI is greater than or equal to 23, he is overweight; otherwise, his weight is normal. Chinese weight and height, calculate his BMI and indicate whether his weight is normal.","The first line of input contains an integer T (1 ≤ T ≤ 200), indicating a total of T test data. The data is in one line and contains two floating point numbers M, H (40.00 ≤ M ≤ 150.00, 1.30 ≤ H ≤ 2.30) with two decimal places, indicating that the Chinese person has a weight of M (unit: kg) and a height of H ( Unit: m).","for each group of measurements Data and outputs a string representation of the person's weight is normal. If the person is overweight, output 'Overweight' (without quotes); if the person is underweight, output 'Underweight' (without quotes); otherwise, output 'Normal' (without quotes)."
1408,"as shown below, we planted N seedlings on a straight road in front of the door. However, recently we have found that if the distance between the two seedlings is less than a constant D, the development of these two seedlings will be hindered. So we decided to remove some of the saplings so that the distance between any two trees is not less than D, and we want to leave as many saplings as possible.","The first line of the input contains an integer T (T > 0), indicating a total of T sets of test data. For each set of test data, the first line contains two integers N, D (1 ≤ N ≤ 105, 1 ≤ D ≤ 109). The second line contains N integers a1, a2, ..., aN (0 < a1 < a2 < ... < aN < 109), where ai (1 ≤ i ≤ N) represents the i-th tree The position of the sapling.","For each set of test data, we can output as many seedlings as we can, and the distance between any two trees is not less than D."
